Students are required to create an app with 4 main scenes using storyboard and code covered in the lectures up to now. 

Scene 1 – Main Menu with buttons to access other scenes and background music.

Scene 2 – In this scene I want you to create an interface with 4 arrows that control an object/character on the screen. Pressing the direction arrow will move the character in that direction on the screen. The character should not be able to move outside the bounds of the screen. The arrows should be located at the bottom in an interface area of the screen – the character should also not be able to pass down into this section. There should be a menu button that allows me to go back to the main menu screen from within this scene. 

Scene 3 – A jigsaw/matching style game. In this scene there should be 3 images or objects at the bottom of the screen with a matching object/silhouette placed above them. I should be able to drag an object for the bottom and try place it on the matching one above. If I place it in the wrong place nothing will happen, if I place it in the right place then it should snap into position and I should get an audio notification that I was sucessful – just a small sound effect that plays. Again I should be able to click a menu button to bring me back to the main menu. 

Scene 4 – A physics game – I want 3 platforms at the top of the screen and a character or object at the bottom of the screen that is transitioning back and forth across the screen. Each platform will have a block or object sitting on it. When I tap a platform it should be removed and the object fall. If the block falls and hits the character at the bottom of the screen he gets removed and I get a sound to notify me that I won/hit the character. As before there should be a menu button to bring me back. If I miss the character with all 3 attempts then I should get notification that I lost. Students are not required to spend too much time focusing on designing assets, reuse ones from the corona sample projects or source them online. You are however expected to use some reasonable judgement on the user interface design and making it look like a real app. Buttons should look like buttons, scenes should have a background image, the menus should look right etc. All code should be commented and tested before submission. Please make sure to submit a working version of the app. If a particular section is not working then include a document explaining the issue but do not submit an app that does not launch.